1st July 2025.
Feeling, black, blue, Aether. Sight, light, color. Taste, space, openness, closed, corner, place, nowhere, somewhere.

Chapter 1
“Robert, something is going on. We have a signal from experiment number 3.” 
“Well, what are you waiting for Rudolph? Check it out number 3 is our most advanced prototype. We don't want to lose it.” Robert replied.
“Ok boss, don't lose your cool this is the first time we've gotten this type of signal, I'm sure others will start coming online soon.”
Rudolph walked off down the aisle towards the lab room. He was excited at the prospect of signals from the experiments after months of calculations and patience. His brow furrowed as he thought of  all the problems that this signal could entail. His life had culminated into these few prototypes which could change the face of humanity. He'd always been a struggling scientist trying to make breakthroughs and doing research projects which made him feel insignificant, but then he had been offered a once in a lifetime opportunity, the kind of offer you don't say no to. Who would weigh philosophers ethical playthings against revolutionary breakthroughs for mankind. Everyone makes compromises sometimes, right?
Rudolph had taken the job offer, having to masquerade it to his friends and family as just another computer science contract that would probably fizzle out before he got a paycheck. The top secret nature of the job had been rather appealing to him.

Entering the lab room he saw the product of his and many other's handiwork. He checked number 3's stats on the main status hologram in the middle of the room and saw that all was well, despite the foreboding premonitions of his boss. The signals had been caused by some fluctuation in this particular prototype due to biometric sensors incorrect calibration. He ran his fingers through his unruly hair and shouted at the wall, scorning the plebeians who re-calibrated the prototype sensors every day. An engineer ducked along the wall, quickening his pace at the exclamation. Rudolph fiddled with the sensor calibration until the signal went away. He then went through the laborious process of recalibrating all the sensors for experiment 3. Fifteen minutes later Rudolph turned back around and walked out of the lab room and back down the long corridor towards his boss.
“Everything's fine, it was just an incorrect calibration.” Rudolph said.
“What took you so long? I thought these types of signals normally happen because of wire problems.” his boss replied.
“Nope, It was a calibration error. Stupid egotistical know-it-all engineers think they can make the calibration process more efficient and then they go and get it wrong.”
“Sounds like someone is a little upset over it.”
“I don't want to talk about it. What are we even doing with this project? I mean I know the purpose, free humanity from the bonds of computing limits, but what is the purpose? Pixar can render photo-realistic animations in real-time. IBM can run Watson on a pocket computer. And their latest project Rachel would only use a couple server racks. Why do we need to do this?” Rudolph mused.
“Well, its not really because of real concerns. People need to feel progress in all areas. As soon as any area of human ingenuity becomes stagnant it gets cast away and anything touching it becomes tainted by association. Look at um..., something like. farming, it hasn't had major progress in centuries and as a result no one knows anything about it. It's still vitally important, and a few people have to be farmers to make the world go round, but think of the R&D that goes into it. It's only now that a major problem in the form of global warming has started impacting farming that any kind of R&D money is going towards it. But now think for a moment about the trillions of dollars in R&D that have gone into computing in the 60 or so short years that it has existed. And thats only because of one thing, progress. Computing stops progressing and the stagnancy in the market is going to drive R&D teams homeless. We have to make this succeed, it's one of the last hopes.”
“Your face is the last hope” Rudolph thought to himself sarcastically. 
“Always the same old arguments, being the old stalwart for aging humanity, the martyr for a dying breed, written in dusty annals found by an alien exploration crew.” he said.
“No pain, no gain. “ Robert said with a laugh, “but who's in it for the good of humanity, the paycheck is good enough for me.”
“Well, two-face has struck again. Shows his emotional and feeling side when it suits him, but money is always at the root of it, even if it isn't evil. Hey, money is good enough for me too I guess.”
“Money, money, money, talking of which we have to get our potential stockholders together for the grand reveal next month.”
“Next month? I thought that was a long time away.”
“Apparently time condenses in your head when you are working. I said a month, that's quite a long time you know.”
“Ok fine, I guess it is a long time, but not really when you consider the amount of time that's already gone into this project.”
“Stop already talking about time, it addles my head. It's in a month and I have to get the potential stockholders together for the project. What do you think of me, Robert the salesman?”
“Sounds like an absolutely terrible kids show” Rudolph said, “I can just imagine it, And now for Robert the Salesman. He's always the man you need no matter what you need, he'll convince you to buy what you don't need at a price you can't afford, Robert the Salesman.”
“Sounds good, except for the part about a kids show. Our product is going to be rather expensive, and I don't know how much better it's going to be than the current tech. The salesman in me is really going to have to come out from hiding.”
“Well talking of time -” Rudolph began.
“We were definitely not talking about time, but continue.” Robert broke in.
“Talking of time, it is 5 o’clock, that is the time we leave, right?” 
“Well supposedly according to some archaic schedule set up by aging humans. But if you want to leave now you can, there isn't much to do around here in your line, except sit and wait for the experiments to do their thing since we finished that last batch of prototypes last week, I'll see you in the morning.”

Rudolph went back to his desk and thought of the dinner he had planned for this evening, a special night, just for him and Alexa, his girlfriend. They hadn't been seeing each other much lately because of Rudolph's obsession with his work. She was starting to bicker at his over indulged passion for his work. But he was going to make up for it with this dinner. He walked from his desk towards the exit, but unfortunately his desk was on the opposite end from the door and he had to walk by every single other person in the project in order to make his way to the exit. Rudolph wasn't exactly the flamboyant butterfly in his social life. On his way out Rudolph said goodbye to Robert, Rachelle, Sam, Louis and Giza. He was in too much of a hurry to say much more than “Bye, see you tomorrow everyone.”

Rudolph almost ran out the office door, suddenly realizing that he still had some last minute shopping to do before the big evening tonight. He ran down the stairs directly outside the office and out the main warehouse doors to his car, parked in the parking lot outside. He got in and told the car to take him home. On the way he ordered the candles and tea that he needed online and then reclined in the seat and called Alexa to ask her what she was going to wear. As he was calling her he looked at his calendar and did a double-take and then refreshed his calendar just to make sure he was reading it correctly. It said that their date was tomorrow, and that tonight was Anthony's birthday party which he really didn't want to go to, but which Alexa had insisted they attend. 
“Hello Rudolph” Alexa said.
“Hi Alexa, how are you this fine evening?” Rudolph replied.
“I am excellent, but for the clouds that cover the sky.”
“But the photos taken will be all the better for the cloud cover.”
“Stop it Rudolph, I can't speak like that.”
“Well apparently neither can I.”
“So what did you call me about?”
“Oh, well” Rudolph pondered whether he should tell the truth, “I got a little over eager and thought that our evening was tonight and not tomorrow night. Now I'm depressed because it's a whole extra day that I have to wait, but I can hold the feelings inside.”
“So are you aware of Tony's party tonight?”
“Anthony's party, yes. But I don't really want to go.”
“I'm going so I'll either see you there or not at all.”
“Ok fine you are very persuasive.” Rudolph said sarcastically.
“See you there then.”
“See you soon. Love you, bye.”
“Love you too, bye.”
Rudolph hit the end call button and lay back in his chair. As he approached his home he could see the drone flying away that had dropped his little package off. The little package which contained the things that he had just ordered was sitting wrapped in a brown paper bag on his front lawn where the drone had dropped it. He picked up the package of candles and tea and took it inside, ducking under the unusual doorway, slightly depressed that he had to go to the party now instead of a date night.
Once inside his small apartment, Rudolph dumped his parcel on the kitchen counter next to the front door on the right and bent his 6' 4” frame to open his fridge before he realized what he was doing. His stomach grumbled and he closed the fridge before reopening it and looking aimlessly for something to eat. He didn't find anything easy to eat and closed the fridge realizing that there would probably be food at the party tonight. He walked out of the kitchen through the dining room, lounge and into his bedroom, appreciating the smallness of his apartment solely for its efficiency of motion. He sat on his bed and ran his fingers through his hair contemplating what to wear to Anthony's party tonight. He decided on a blue shirt and bright neon green slacks which his sister had given him recently for his birthday, thinking of the craziness of modern fashion while he changed. His sister had given him the pants with the comment, “You need to look good since you have a girlfriend now.” He looked at the mirror and then at the photo on his wall of his father and realized that fashions throughout time had always been crazy. He finished getting ready and walked out of the door without his shoes on. As he was getting into his car he realized that he didn't have his shoes, and quickly ran back to fetch them. His car drove him to Anthony's house. 

Chapter 2
Robert mumbled something unintelligible into the microphone on his head to the secretary, before the person on the other side of the call was put through to him. 
“Hello, this is Robert Murdle, of Clip-on LTD. How may I help you today?”
“Hello Mr. Murdle, your secretary contacted me earlier about a possible research project that might be conducted if enough capital is raised. I'm Theo Cook, head of research over at IBM. You seem to have the belief that IBM would invest itself in this research project. Sell it to me.”
“Mr. Cook, thank you for returning my call so quickly I am very glad that you decided to invest a bit of your time already in this venture. You have every reason to invest in this project. The people working on it are all highly skilled, educated, and capable of an excellent quality of work. Our product is uniquely suited to your applications. The project that we are conducting is a venture into computing that has never been done in quite the same way, it seems that we are unique in our approach.”
“If I may ask, what exactly are you doing with this project of yours that you are requesting so much funding for?”
“Oh, well, you see I can't talk specifics now, over the phone. But I do have a meeting set up this next weekend that you could attend by proxy or in person if you wish. I will reveal all the details of our research project at that meeting.”
“Thank you so much for the invitation. I will see about my schedule.”
“Thank you for your quick response, I hope to see you there.”
“Good bye Mr. Murdle.”
“Good bye Mr. Cook.”
Robert hit the hang up button, flipped the microphone away from his mouth and looked at his hands. He thought of the misconceptions that the potential stockholders had in their heads about this project and why he was leading them on. Robert wasn't deceitful by nature, and he had to have a very good reason to color the truth. When he thought about his decisions so far with these few prototypes he realized how much they had been influenced by Vivian, his wife. Her strong morals had kept him from straying too far from ethical sanity, however the realist in him had rationalized all kinds of things into trivialities, swept under the metaphorical carpet of pragmatism, until she had hit him hard with real life and what one can and cannot do. He enjoyed the work, even in times where ethics were questioned and problematic questions were decided on. He did, however, dislike the repercussions of such decisions. 
Robert continued work on finding an actual salesman to present for the meeting with all the potential stockholders. He was looking at the resume for three different people. Robert decided that an interview would be best. He asked his secretary to set up interviews in the next week for the three possible marketers. The person he would choose would be entirely based on which one he felt most sold on. The marketer who sold himself the best could sell this product the best. Another requirement which all of the potential marketers filled was that they didn't have any ethical qualms. None of them were associated with religion that he could see.
Robert's secretary replied that all of the interviews had been set up, the interviewees had to respond if they could make the interview or not. She also said that Robert's calendar had all the interviews on it.
Robert went back to his desk to look over his things when he realized that there was nothing really to do and that he should go home. In order to fulfill this desire he went over to his secretary's desk and asked her to sign him off for the day and pack up his desk. She replied with a smile and made him happy, despite the fact that he was leaving. He enjoyed the idea of being able to leave whenever he liked, because he was his own boss. In his past research projects he had not been quite so fortunate, and as a result his relationship with Vivian had become quite strained. Thankfully with this project though, he could do his own thing. This hadn't necessarily helped his marriage, but it did help him in being able to carve out time for her. 

Robert loved the feeling of wind on his face, but sadly he couldn't be at the beach. He had promised Vivian a vacation at the beach in Italy when this project was over, but it threatened to be hanging over his head for the next few years, especially if the stockholders meeting went well next month. 
“Thanks Penny for doing all that scheduling for me I’m probably going to head home. You can go home if you want to as well.” Robert said.
“Thanks Robert, I think I’ll take you up on that.” Penny said. She started cleaning up the mess of papers on her desk, putting them in piles.
“See you in the morning Penny.” Robert said as he walked down the passage between the low office cubicles and out the main door of the office. He walked down the same stairs that Rudolph had descended earlier, probably quite a lot slower than  Rudolph took them, one at a time rather than two. Robert thought of the results of this project, what it could mean for him personally, what it could mean for humanity. He really liked the idea of being in history books and written down in newspapers and everybody knowing his name, Robert Murdle, because he was the one who had saved computing. But what about everyone else, the countless souls who helped to make the project work, the investors, the technicians, the engineers. Just because he had had the idea didn’t mean that he should get all the fame. Even Rudolph probably wouldn’t even get to the spotlight in any kind of way despite almost working harder than Robert. It didn’t seem right in his head that despite the equal workload, and the team effort in this research project, the fame and the glory would go to him instead of to the team. Robert knew that without his team he would never have been able to do this project. Why was humanity’s memory so unfair? The idea that a single man could be responsible for something as large as this seemed ludicrous, and yet to the children of the next generation, indoctrinated in biased textbooks, he would seem the soul maker of this project, as much of a name as Einstein or Newton. But perhaps Robert was getting ahead of himself here, this project wasn’t a success yet. He hadn’t even gotten funding yet for the next phase of the project. That was going to prove a challenge.

Robert got into his car, and told it to drive him home. He ruminated about the day, and came to the conclusion that his day had been altogether useless. He saw the park on the block next to his and wondered when he would take his wife and two kids there next, it seemed like an eternity since he had taken them last. Robert really wished he had more time for his family, he was a family man. He wanted the best for his family and kids, wasn’t that why he started this project in the first place, why he had funneled most of his life savings into starting this project and getting these first prototypes going. His own personal motives were of course part of it, his interest in computers had started when he was young, and the progress of computing research had slowed down too much for his liking, but the money was a large part of it. 

Rudolph had just arrived at the party and he was upset because, at his first cursory glance, he hadn’t seen Alexis. From the people that he saw, he only knew Anthony. Anthony was very different from Rudolph in almost every area except for his gender, and even that was debatable. Rudolph questioned Alexis’ reasons for being friends with Anthony. He guessed that being her sister’s boyfriend would be reason enough, but for a guy like Anthony, one needs more reasons than just one. Rudolph decided that he would greet his host, and even conversation with an unlikeable person, albeit familiar, was better than no conversation at all. 
“Hey Anthony, thanks for inviting Alexis and me to your get together.” Rudolph ventured.
“I don’t see a Lexus outside. And I can’t not invite in-laws.” Anthony said as he winked and laughed hilariously at his own jokes.
Rudolph suddenly remembered with vivid clarity why he wasn’t friends with Anthony, and the thought of being in-laws was too much, however, he had to continue conversation at least until Alexis arrived and so he attempted a laugh which came out more like a snort.
“I heard about your new project, something to do with computers right?” Anthony said.
“Yes--”  Rudolph began.
“Computers could really use a kick in the pants, I remember when I was a kid, new hardware would come out every two or three years that could way outperform the previous hardware. Now I go to the shop and the same hardware is staring me in the face as ten years ago. I hope your project has something to do with fixing that?”
“Sadly not.” Rudolph said, he had a standard cover story for his project, “I’m just doing some housekeeping for UI development in the newest smartphone OS. I’m helping to make it more efficient, doing more with the same hardware.”
“Well I suppose that is better than some things you could be doing.” Anthony replied. “How is Alexis?”
“She is doing well, I think she’s a bit upset with me for being so entangled with my work, but I plan to fix that by taking her out for a date tomorrow evening.”
“Oh, what a coincidence I’m taking Nicole out for a date tomorrow evening as well. We should do a double date.”
“Well, I was hoping for alone time with Alexis, I haven’t had that much recently, and I think we need some time together, just the two of us.”
“Oh, I see.” Anthony said exaggeratedly. “You need time with JUST the two of you.”
“Anthony!” Rudolph said disdainfully, “I’m glad Alexis isn’t here yet, listen to you. We aren’t even engaged yet.”
“Doesn’t mean you can’t have a little fun.” Anthony said playfully.
“How is your work going?” Rudolph asked, desperate to change the subject.
“It’s going well, I just got wind of a series of promotions that are happening on Friday.”
“I hope you are one of them.”
“Thanks, I hope so too. It doesn’t seem quite right that promotions are often based on time that you spend in a particular job. If someone has been working longer than you, you can be sure that they will be first in the line for a promotion.” Anthony seemed depressed and stared at his glass.
“I don’t know if I’m glad or sad that I’m a freelancer. I can switch projects whenever I like, but then work isn’t necessarily so consistent and paychecks are sometimes hard to come by. But then I have the joy of being on a really cool project and it makes me glad that I am a freelancer.”
“Well I’m glad some people can be freelancers, I could never do it. I want to marry Nicole, have kids and raise a family. You need a stable job to be able to raise kids. They are expensive, I saw stats in a magazine the other day, and the price to raise a kid to 18 is ridiculous. I couldn’t believe it.”
“Yup, kids are very expensive, and I’m glad I’m on a stable project at the moment, it should be going for quite a couple years. The company might even decide to hire me.” Rudolph said, not actually lying. Robert was looking to actually hire Rudolph if this next set of funding went well.
“I hope they do, it’s a small company called Clip-on LTD.”
“Clip-on LTD? That’s quite a quirky name. How did it come about?” Anthony quizzed.
“I actually have no idea, I should ask one of the employees if they know. It’s quite a small company, only about 10 employees, so I’m sure someone knows where the name comes from.”
“Well that’s good, I have to go start with the drinks, do you want one?” Anthony asked, making his way over to the bar.
“No thanks I don’t think I’ll start drinking yet.” Rudolph replied waving his hand as Anthony left. He pulled out his phone and started messaging Alexis. She replied saying that she was running late, and that she would be there in about five minutes.
Ten minutes later Alexis walked in Tony’s door. She was a little disappointed to see that Rudolph was standing all by himself in the corner on his phone, undoubtedly playing his most recent game addiction, candy crush saga 17. 
“Hi Rudolph” Alexis said as she hugged him.
“Hi Alexis, I thought for a while there that you were going to abandon me to these people.”
“Rudolph! You make it sound like everybody here is a tiger that’s about to eat you, the loping sloth.”
“That’s a new one, loping sloth.” Rudolph replied.
“Well you know you are sort of trying to make friends right?”
“I suppose I am. If you say so” 
“Ok, well I suppose I have introduced you to Tony already right?”
“Yes of course, like about three or four months ago.”
“How about Gregory?”
“Nope, never met him.”
“Let’s go.”
“No, I’m good just talking to you right now. I feel right inside my comfort zone. There is absolutely no need to disturb the perfect little bubble going on right here.”
“There is most definitely a need to disturb your bubble. You’ll never grow in any area if you stay comfortable.”
“There are however certain areas that require no growth.” Rudolph said emphatically.
“So you don’t have any room to grow in the area of making friends?”
“Of course not.”
“Ok fine, so go make Greg over there your friend.” Alexis gestured in Greg’s direction.
Greg looked over in Alexis’s direction and started walking towards her.
“Hey Alexis!” Greg shouted across the room.
“Hello Greg.” Alexis replied, trying to make her voice heard over the din of the party.
“How are you?” Greg asked, now close enough that he didn’t have to yell.
“I’m good, and you?”
“Good thanks.”
“This is Rudolph, my boyfriend.”
“The mystery man is finally unveiled. Alexis has talked quite a lot about you. I’m glad to have finally met you, I’m Greg, but you probably won’t forget that seeings as your girlfriend just shouted my name across the room.”
“Rudolph, nice to make your acquaintance.” Rudolph said stiltedly.
“So, how’s the uhh, project going?” Greg asked, after a moment of awkward silence.
“Project? Oh, my current contract.” Rudolph replied, wondering why everyone asked him about his project. “Well, it’s going well, not very interesting. Just some UI design for a smartphone company, Click-Up. Seems like they might offer me a job.”
“I hope they do.” He added.
“I hope they do too,” Greg said.
“And your work?” Rudolph asked, trying desperately to make conversation. By this point Alexis had managed to slip out of his arm and greet Anthony.
“I’m not quite working yet. Still studying.”
“Oh, “ Rudolph said surprised. “What are you studying and where.”
“I’m studying bio-mechanical engineering at <Insert university here>”
“That’s nice, how long do you have left?”
“That,” Greg said and then continued after a pause, “That is a difficult question to answer.”
“Why?”
“Well, you see, originally I only planned on a three year degree in bio-mechanical engineering. Then I failed one course in my last year which delayed my degree an entire year. I decided at that point that I might as well start with a masters program while I was finishing that last course. But now I am unsure as to how long it’ll take me to finish my thesis, and I’m enjoying it so much I’m even thinking of doing my doctorate.”
“Interesting,” Rudolph said with a nod of his head. “You definitely should get your doctorate, I did and it was well worth it.”
Rudolph was painfully aware of Alexis’ absence, especially seeing that she had drifted over to the bar area. Rudolph decided to attempt a simple, but not rude conversation ender.
“Hmmm, I’m still thinking about it a lot.” Greg said.
“Ok, well it was nice meeting you, but I’ve got to go keep an eye on my girlfriend, she looks a little friendly with the drinks tonight. Bye.”
“Catch you later.” Greg said.
And with that Rudolph walked back to Alexis. In order to make his way back, Rudolh was forced to make a detour through the kitchen and dining room because the lounge which would have been the quickest way to the bar had been turned into a dance floor. En route, Rudolph managed to bump into Anthony’s mom who happened to be making tea at the time.
“I’m so sorry Mrs. uh uh, Mrs. Briggs.” Rudolph said, glad that Mrs. Briggs hadn’t spilt the tea.
“Hello Rudolph, nice to see you here.” Mrs. Briggs said.
Rudolph managed to insert some hurried goodbye as he turned around and began walking out of the kitchen, but as he was doing so he managed to walk straight into an open cupboard placed just at chest level. He yelped and stumbled backwards into the open fridge. Thankfully the items in the fridge were well secured and he wasn’t able to budge them. 
“Sorry Mrs. Briggs, I’m very sorry. I am so clumsy, I suppose its due to my height.”
“And maybe your brains boy, or lack there of.” Mrs Briggs replied curtly, but then added. “I’m sorry Rudolph, sometimes my tongue gets ahead of my mind. I don’t mean to insult you, I know you have a lot on your mind. And no harms done.”
“Very sorry Mrs. Briggs. Can I help you with the tea?” Rudolph added, suddenly feeling mortified at his lack of agility.
“No need, this tea is just for me and Mr. Briggs.”
“Sorry about that, see you later.”
“Goodbye.” Mrs. Briggs said, and then under her breath. “I do hope not.”
Rudolph continued to the bar, this time without incident.
“So, did you get on well with Greg?” Alexis said as Rudolph came within earshot.
“Yes.”
“And?”
“Well, I didn’t really talk to him much.”
“So, you have no room to grow in your relational skills, but you’ve just met someone and you have no clue what his last name is?”
“Yes and no. My relational skills are a bit lacking, but I do know his last name it’s Smith.”
“Good job on that one.” Alexis replied.

Rudolph didn’t really enjoy the party and on the way home he called Alexis and told her as much.
“Rudolph!” Alexis scolded, “You can’t be unsociable.”
“Why not?”
“Because, because, you are a human, a social creature. There’s a reason why society exists, it’s because people like other people.”
“Ok ok, I’m not against people in general, I’m against those people at that party, and not even all of them. Greg seemed nice. But even if the people are terrible, I don’t like the idea of a party. You mill around and do what, talk? People have phones to do that, and if a phone isn’t good enough go out and have tea with them. What’s the point of a party?”
“Uggh, you’ll never understand it. I like people in general.”
“And that, is where we differ I do not like people in general.”
“Ahh well, I guess that’ll never change.”
“So, are you looking forward to our evening together tomorrow?”
“Evening together? Oh, our date. Yes, I am looking forward to it.”
Rudolph’s car pulled up and parked at his house.
“I got to go and sleep now, goodnight.”
“Goodnight, don’t let the bed bugs bite.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll murder them in my sleep.”
Alexis laughed, and they both hung up.

In the morning, Rudolph decided to watch the news in his car on the way to work. It seemed like the news couldn’t cover anything but the tensions in the middle east. There had been a new terrorist group that had cropped up recently and it seemed to have the full support of russia and China and the full dissaproval of the USA and most of NATO<Check that China and Rusia aren’t in NATO and that this makes sense>. It seemed a recipe for disaster, except that like every terrorist group in past times, it would probably be destroyed by the “good guys” before anything happened.  Rudolph reflected on the past, and the terrorist organizations that had cropped up. Apparently 






I am pacing up and down, I don’t know why, just pacing. Then I remember, I’m going on stage. What’s the point? There is no point, it’s all over. The pain, the memories, they all tug at my heart, determined to pull it to pieces. I don’t have a heart, but they tell me that it’s a good object to assign emotions to. I hear my name, far away, but definitely there, too real. I turn towards the side entrance of the stage and walk, as I walk out I hear the crowd cheering for me. Me, they are cheering for me. What have I done? I’ve pulled a bunch of people who I never knew, and who never knew me out of the deep mirey pit. I prevented millions of deaths, but what is that compared to the pit in my soul where Pearl was. He’s gone now, no point in returning to that. I could save a million souls, why not a million and one? I am walking towards Tobias, he’s smiling and he has an outstretched hand, I take a hold of it. I can’t feel his hand, that’s a limitation of this body, it looks like a human body, and can move like one two, but I haven’t gotten synthetic nerve fibers down yet. Robert did his doctorate in that, maybe I should ask him for some advice. I am quite nervous appearing on television and all, I mean it’s not really me, the real me is sitting in a jar in an unknown location underground. I shake Tobias’ hand stiffly, and awkwardly sit down. I answer his first question very concisely, which I remember is probably a bad thing. Tobias reacts well though, he has had worse interviewees, definitely. Tobias is good at this, and I start relaxing. My thoughts wander as the interview continues. 


*Following paragraph are Rudolph’s thoughts*
Rudolph got in his car, and told it to drive him home, before changing his mind and telling it to drive him to the park a block away from where he lived. During the drive, he let his thoughts wander to the disparity between rich and poor that he saw all around him. He enjoyed his wealth, but perhaps less because he knew that there were others who had not. He saw an old man hobbling along on the sidewalk, dressed in almost rags. Why did the things he saw upset him so much, everybody else seemed to be able to just ignore this disparity. What was the purpose of this project? Rudolph could easily answer that question, the purpose was to further the cause of humanity and propel it to new heights. But, after that his train of thoughts returned to the old man on the sidewalk. What was the purpose of this project in the eyes of this man? His life would never be changed directly by Rudolph’s work. Rudolph had passed the park now, and his thoughts changed to the recent news